Drop `setuptools` dependency (#19020)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab: docs/source/extension/extension_migration.md

JupyterLab's build tooling has moved out of the JupyterLab repository into a standalone package: [`jupyter-builder`](https://pypi.org/project/jupyter-builder/) (PyPI) and [`@jupyter/builder`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@jupyter/builder) (npm). Existing extensions continue to work, but we recommend migrating so your build no longer depends on a full JupyterLab installation.

> JupyterLab 4.6 also no longer depends on `setuptools` at runtime. If your extension still uses `setuptools`-based packaging or build hooks, add `setuptools` to your own package requirements explicitly, or migrate to a PEP 517/518 build backend in `pyproject.toml`.

Reviewer: The only real problem will be folks that are using `setuptools` in anything _other_ than a well-declared a well-declared PEP-517 `build-system`... maybe drop _still_ and add a link to https://setuptools.pypa.io/en/latest/userguide/pyproject_config.html

Author: ```suggestion
JupyterLab 4.6 also no longer depends on `setuptools` at runtime. If your extension uses `setuptools`-based packaging or build hooks, add `setuptools` to your own package requirements explicitly, or migrate to a PEP 517/518 build backend in [`pyproject.toml`](https://setuptools.pypa.io/en/latest/userguide/pyproject_config.html).
```
